1. There are portal conflicts like I saw two of our dragons enter the same portal from both the ends and die.
2. Also the splitting is less agressive because of the length preservation which usually lets the opponent have the muscle and push us out. What I would then suggest is split agressively till round 
200-250 maybe and then start length preservation. Like till round 250 we should have an agressive strat of exploring and looking for food obvioly not sacrificing safety we should only always
move through known terrain and rather go near boundaries to expand our views and locate resource spots to later target with our huge swarm to get length preservation and muscel pwoer to conquer the resource
regions
3. But there are maps like trauma which require a very accurate resource allocation from the start because the resource is scarce and the two teams are seperated with a big maze that usually both
the teams refuse to enter. What we need to do then to balance I suppose is to make sure we are splitting till round say 200 and then when we start length preserving before we convey with sonar 
the snake ids and their lengths so before any of those split snakes is about to take a resource it checks idf there is a longer snake than can take it instead and this way in maps with scarce
resources we make it possible for the longer snake to take over, however if the resource is not taken for the last 8 roudns then just take it update length and sonar. Or if you can convey
up with a better strategy for such maps would like to see it.
4. One really good observation is that in a map like slithery fight where we start long snakes which are coiled into themselves what the other team did was split it with 1 at the head and n-1 at the tail 
that way they saved their longest snakes at the start of the round mostly and maintained them throughout.
5. So with the 4th observation in mind I think splitting agressively at the starting rounds would kill that longest snake of ours at the start itself. Then what I will say is split agressively
for any snake of lenght <=5 if there exists a snake iwth length >:=6 we want to switch to a cautius strategy where going into portals and off the edges might be dangerous, edges not so mcuh as portals atleast
unless the portal is unexplored and or we are aware no other snake is taking it from the other side as I mentioned in point 1.
6. I am open to suggestiosn as to how we should handle the splitting in earlier rounds till waht we should split how do we handle these big snakes at the start of the rounds and how we switch 
to a length preserving strategy towards the end while making sure that we are allcoating resources to the longest snakes or atleast makiing usre our longest snakes are defended and fed or atleast
switching to a more resource hungry strat without sacrificing snake safety ofc.
7. The Hampter vs Borgor matches are really a lesson is splitting your big snakes to maitain their lengths and get out of tight spaces out of everyhting we disucssed this seems like a must have 
nodification for atleast the time we are trying to preserve length.
8. In autarky as well the way it got its longest snake out was impressive, we seemed to have one that probably with accident but something like this is a must have addition. Study these matches deeply 
to figure out a deterministic way to get out of any tight space with the largest snake length possible if that snakes length is already >= 6 say



